so today we will do a
morning wish routine together
since that's after my routine video of
evening we had a lot to ask to do
their jogging in the morning
personally I do not see much
interest but my faith if you're interested
why not then as you know I
am a project ten fault so I finish
of the product I have here computers
will start we started immediately
so me in the morning I do not clean myself
face to the water that's because I'm
am clean my face the day before
I put my creams etc
and that's just to remove the
surplus crem that can see this side
a little bit a little bit serious
maybe but so I use a lotion
I prefer one because these bars
common ecology I tell myself it's
maybe more lighter and more and
sweeter than cleaning my self it was
of my head too but hey it's like that
I work in one while giving
Right now I use this lotion's
at claret this so I'm trying to
to finish is the notion of awakening
of holy dread
So here is this product
I really like so I take
a cotton
you have a little bit and we do it at
bassir will see but it's a notion
quite thick actually
let's help br especially face rats so far
nothing complicated
all that super nice twenties
to change lotion is refreshing
is that I spent a lot that's what
and once I did that so the
motion time because so I do not
their is not and the time that the lotion
that my passing faith version that the
face tech etc
I'm washing my teeth so I'm going to spend
on this step we are stable under a
sun in reindeer ii there will be a super
interesting that's for the teeth at the
then I'm attacking the serum since
my skin is it is dry
I finished my tennis serum that I
liked a lot and so I came out of the
term drawer that I did not have
completed
so it is idealistic in the serum
stay smelling her new skin ranks to
finalist in so much tell you that
compared to prices the ranks of
questions that I I throw it so I
finish it 1 can not wait to get it
finished here so I take a pump
and therefore never on all faces
I know that the opinions on this serum are
quite mixed up I had done a review
there is a lot of me now I
was frachon happy and I do not know
the comments I received with
the opinions pretty negative enough the
to say madam a little bit cold
I stopped using it but hey there
must I finish it anyway
and as a result I say to m pardon I am
their dog I will put my cream
moisturizing
so today we will do a
crazy day we go game without breaking the
show
so I will not use my cream for
dry skin very dry I will use
the cream is lauder the same I am
finishing as you can
to see him
so this is the drd ware I like the
morning between I can go
so it's a cream for a
normal and this is the version for skins
normal what's the meaning of the foot yeah
so I'm finishing when
even everyone is biting a lot of products
so I have enough power to make you
a finished product video is that you
like that and I am but
the obligation to have the products
finish so here's for the cream
I hope you can see that this is
in the morning with more super buttons
I found the day to print this
video is a test not happen my outline
eyes so not the same I finished
my side of the eyes that nique and I had
not the budget to put them forty
euros from a single in an eye area
so I inquired a little bit and who
have added for an eye contour of
the kiss mark so this is the version
it's the maca that is cheaper
which is 25 euros so it's still
15 euros finally Thursday because it was very
fast as we are not so bad as 0.2
less is already not bad
after I like or electronic receipts
apaya not say that but it's true that
when we do not necessarily have the budget to
each time to put 38 or 40 euros
we try to find solutions
and my faith this one is really good
so
it's not long since I loved him I you
will talk about it again I guess
and this beast and that's all that's all
that's all so there's nothing good
extraordinary morning after that
as I tell you that varies according to it's going
laughs at level 2 at the product level
but roughly speaking, it's still these
notions cream serum and eye contour
that's all after that
tell it to savary there may be some
morning if their picture and hot to the friend
that I feel my pole and chisel to clean
at samana i was using a cleaner but
it's still pretty rare in the morning
prefer to stay with a mission
listen to this video you liked it I do
kisses and do not hesitate to you
list your products my name is that
can always help some disgusted
see you soon, his hands